[MUSIC PLAYING]
[LOW RUMBLE]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> With quantum physics, all we
are doing is reviving knowledge
that had been lost and we
are now gradually recovering.
[NATIVE AMERICAN CHANTING]
>> The drum
represents the heart.
It's like your heart.
You're beating on it, like
how your heart thumps.
And so that's the
pulse of nature.
I guess I'm more supposed to
be caretaker of Mother Nature
than to be a person
destroying Mother Nature.
[TRAFFIC RUMBLING]
[HISSING]
[TRAIN HORN BLOWING]
[ELECTRICAL ZAPPING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[GLACIER CRACKLING]
[WHOOSHING]
[LOUD EXPLOSION]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We have become very
dangerous for our own survival
and the survival of all
that exists on the face
of the Earth.
And so our conscience
is reacting
to safeguard ourselves and
let us out of the prison
we are encapsulated in, and
which we dimly call ignorance.
To become conscious
of what we are,
to understand to its
utmost depth what
the word "love" means.
[WHOOSHING]
[SOMBER MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> What is called the late
industrial society has taken
on the same conditioning tools
of totalitarianism, fascism,
Nazism, Stalinism.
It has taken them on
and processed them
with the main purpose
of getting people
to buy what they
are told to buy.
This is the tool
the system plays on
to keep people motionless.
[ROUSING WALTZ]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Our time has become
a mechanized nightmare.
A machine wakes us
up in the morning.
We get into another machine that
gets us to our workplace, where
you can bet our job
is working in front
of another machine for the
entire day, all day long.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> And then, at the
end of a day like this,
we get back into
another machine.
And we go back home, and
we find more machines
that are in charge of our
recreation and our feeding.
At the end of one month
of this sort of life,
we get, in return
for our time, which
is sacred, an amount of money.
The most successful
hypnosis of this planet.
And with that money, we happily
rush out to buy new machines.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> In today's culture,
an ever-increasing part
of society, from young
children to adults,
live in a virtual world,
within the boundaries
of their devices--
their iPad, their chat.
It's a life that conditions us
to never be connected to what
is happening around us.
To cease being agents of life
and become subjects of life--
passive subjects of life.
[TRAIN WHIRRING]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> In an advanced
technological era,
when people might work
less and understand more,
and look around themselves,
people have instead become
afraid.
And they're in a
state of crisis.
Crises are invented
so that people,
although having more
time, have no chance
to use this extra time, but
are crushed down by anxiety.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Our conditioned mind
is a master in defining
our happiness in such a way that
it ensures that we can never
catch it, always making
it depend on some person,
or some thing, or some other
element that is invariably
difficult to reach.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Most people dwell in the
past, in their memories.
Or they live in the
future, thinking
about what they want to do.
Few people live in the
present, and the present
is the only time we have.
What happened and what
is going to happen
is always part of the present.
It's a great tragedy.
It doesn't allow us to
synchronize with existence.
[LIGHT MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We have lost the ability
to feel the harmony of here
and now.
Here and now contains all we
need to be absolutely happy,
and everything is
perfect just as it is.
It's the mind that sets
its artificial creations
over inbred perfection.
Children understand
this easily enough.
It's hard for them to understand
how long half an hour is,
what this evening means.
To them, there is
only one uninterrupted
space-time continuum.
[CHILDREN LAUGHING]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The English word
"present" means both a gift
and the current time.
Here and now.
So the present is
a gift eternity
gives us every single moment.
What is it that invades
the life of so many?
Fear that only comes
from the past and anxiety
for the future.
But if the future is the
child of the present,
the best thing we
can do in the present
is create the cause
for a better future.
[SWEEPING MUSIC]
>> In the native culture, it
was so important that we look
at the here and now.
But the focus was
really on the present,
and how we are to respond
to life and each other,
and to respond to planet Earth.
A long time ago,
everything had its value,
and everything had
its importance,
and Mother Earth had
plenty of resources.
Now, population has increased.
Our resources have
been all grabbed for.
And in that increased
activity, Mother Earth
is going to be causing a lot
more action for her balance.
Maybe she's also trying to
get our attention so that we
can look at the
resources differently
than we've looked at before.
In that cycle of
things, there can
be a return to resources
that can be better used.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> As an archaic people, I
think that Latin Americans are
shocked at the fact that
we, in the name of God,
in the name of all we
believe in, of the highest,
the sublime, have no
respect for His creation.
This is a schizophrenia that
risks driving us to an end.
>> The nature, it
doesn't belong to us.
[? It's just all ?]
borrowed stuff.
I don't really
materialistic person.
I'm not going to
take it with me.
As long as I'm here to enjoy
what I have and who I'm with.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Native Americans end their
prayers with two simple words,
[NON-ENGLISH],, which
means to all my relations.
Would I ask the great
spirit all the thanks
I give to Mother Earth
for what I receive,
I give to all my relations.
Not only on a humanistic
level, not to people, but who?
My relatives-- the trees,
grass, rivers, animals, birds,
insects.
Because I realized that
if all this is around me,
there is sense in everything.
[LIGHT PIANO MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Natives saw this living
great spirit in everything.
A leaf, mineral, a tree,
mountain, a lake, a river,
an ocean.
Everything was alive.
Today, with quantum physics,
we have discovered again
that they were right.
A mineral lives too.
We know that vegetables,
animals, man,
and so on, they live.
Everything lives.
Also what we call the
invisible, and which
is an essential being, vibrating
and intelligent to the extreme.
Everything lives.
>> Jim Lovelock was
a great scientist,
a Royal Academy member who first
realized that the whole planet
could be seen as
a single system--
alive, intelligent, in which
every element, from bacteria,
to rocks, to living
beings, to trees,
was part of a great intelligent
homeostatic network in search
of its balance.
>> And what the science is
telling us is precisely what
our indigenous ancestors have
always [? said. ?] Is that
the world is alive.
Everything is alive
and conscious.
Maybe not alive the way
we think of a living,
breathing being, but
alive in the sense
that it is intelligent, and
there is a consciousness
within all things.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Today, we are going back
to the understanding that
the Earth is a great mother.
That we belong to her, not
that she belongs to us.
And therefore, we
have to respect her.
We have to treat her
as a great mother,
with love, with respect.
In this process
of reappropriation
of the lost sense of
belonging and sacredness,
the natives' vision
is a great help to us.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> With quantum physics,
all we are doing is reviving
the knowledge that had been
lost and are now gradually
recovering.
Fortunately, I would say.
If everything is alive, there
is nothing that is dead.
And this consciousness
throughout the centuries,
and the invasions
by Western peoples,
has been lost, even by these
native peoples as well.
[ROUSING MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The Mayans had developed a
vision in which everything is
animated.
Everything has to be respected.
Everything is alive,
sacred, clashed tremendously
with the vision and
concept of the missionaries
and the conquistadores, and
it produced a huge clash
of civilizations that set in
motion a genocide that today
is still going on
after five centuries.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Europeans used three tools
to achieve this conquest.
The first, obviously,
was the sword.
The second was the
cross of religion.
And the third was the calendar.
The Christian calendar,
the Gregorian calendar,
destroyed human synchronization
with nature and movements
of the stars across the sky.
Implementing a calendar based
on the life of one person, which
is Jesus, and determined from
the probable time of his birth
how to count time and
create a calendar.
That tool was the most
important instrument,
the one that contributed
in a greater way
to change the conception
of human beings
today, to stop
thinking that time
is all we have, the only
treasure for human beings, only
to have it turned
into a merchandise.
>> [SINGING IN SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> The calendar has
to do with taxes.
With the duty of human beings
to remunerate, in money
or with work, for the
work that is done.
What it did was to formally
establish that a lifetime can
be quantified--
bought and even sold.
In other words, that
our life is no longer
our life, but the life of
he who pays us for our time.
[SOMBER MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We've been living
for thousands of years
in an artificial time,
theoretically divided into 24
hours, 60 minutes, 60 seconds.
These cycles do not
belong to natural time.
And for thousands
of years, we've
been living in this
artificial time in which we're
convinced time is money.
>> What I think about the
city, it has some limits.
You only can go certain
places, and you always
have to have money too.
You have to have money to
drink water, buy fresh water.
Money to eat something.
Gotta have money to
entertain yourself.
You have to have money to
catch a bus to get somewhere.
have friends down there.
You have to have money to live
the good life, the one where
you want to be comfortable.
>> I think there's always been
something that would distract
us from the real joy
and the wonder of life.
And money is one of those
things that's in between our joy
and what we are getting.
[LIGHT MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Each person's true self
has developed greatly,
and it requires an enormous
amount of repression, fear,
crises, and compression to keep
that person's true self hidden
from others.
The only chance for
the Western world
now would be to go away from its
society completely to whatever
world possible, take a
look around, and reverse
the progress.
>> The Indian culture, there was
not that intention of progress
and making yourself better.
The focus was really on
how you can be complete
self each moment of your life.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The Navajos have a phrase
that explains their concept
of life.
[NON-ENGLISH],, which
means walking in beauty.
Living life knowing that
even if it's painful,
it's part of the
circle of things,
and that it is my
choice, the choice I
made before coming
into this world,
to descend from the world of the
spirit into the material world.
It means appreciating the beauty
of light, of sun, of trees,
freshness of water,
good food, love.
The true substance
of life which is
the joy of its constant
expression every day.
What the [? Diné ?] say is to
try to live accepting pain,
because pain is part of life
and will make pleasure more
valuable when it's over.
And try to live to old age,
enjoying the magic design you
are part of.
Because you are part of a
whole, and this whole is life.
So try to make it what it is--
a wonderful gift.
[INSPIRATIONAL MUSIC]
>> Everything with the Hopi
life is all about nature.
We give thanks to
our father the sun,
and we give thanks
to Mother Earth
for letting us walk her land
and enjoy her beauty of life.
[PIANO MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> From the discovery of
America to the end of the 1800s,
the greatest genocide humanity
has ever perpetrated took
place.
40 to 50 million
Native Americans
were slaughtered for telling
a very simple truth--
that only one thing exists.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> To Indians, Mother Earth
is what gives us shelter--
the mother that supports
us and the human being,
just like animals, trees,
sky, clouds, grass, stones,
is one of the many links of
the endless chain of creation.
So we all belong
to just one one,
because as Black Elk,
a great Wicasa Wakan,
says the ignorant sees many
things where there is only one.
They are different
aspects of one reality.
We were the ones who
shattered it, who created
the differences, split it up.
And this is the
reason we are unhappy.
We never see ourselves
reflected in what surrounds us,
but we're always
separate from it.
[SOMBER MUSIC]
>> For 150 years, science has
led us to believe that we are
separate from everything.
That we're separate
from our bodies,
separate from the world,
separate from one another.
And the consequences
of that thinking
are the crises that we
see in the world today.
The best science of
today, the discoveries
are now supporting the
beliefs of our most
cherished and ancient spiritual
and indigenous traditions.
>> All we do with quantum
physics is confirm what has
been said for thousands
and thousands and thousands
of years.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Celebrated Nobel Prize
Richard Feynman said that
the rules of the
game are now changed.
We can no longer
conceive the universe
as if it were made of
fragments scattered in space,
but rather conceive this
structure as one whole.
We keep talking of
within and beyond,
a visible and invisible
of matter and spirit,
without ever realizing that
the two so-called halves--
if we can speak of
them as halves--
are coexistent.
If I look at the
palm of my hand,
I say it is the front side.
The other side is
the back, then.
What sense does it have?
It could be the
other way around.
The back is front and
the front is back.
But front or back,
it's still my hand.
I'm talking about my hand.
I'm not talking
about something else.
[LIGHT MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Heraclitus writes that a
wise man says that everything is
one.
This obviously clashes with
the Cartesian philosophy
and our successive
philosophies, but the concepts
we find at the
origin are the same.
It's true, then.
Everything is a single thing.
It looks split up in
time and space to us,
but it's an illusion.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Mechanistic physics
kept saying that there is
the elsewhere--
the distance, the remoteness.
Today, quantum physics state
that there is the everywhere.
But everywhere means anywhere.
>> We are accustomed to a world
that is perceived by senses.
So we say, what I
perceive is true.
What I don't perceive is false.
But it's exactly the opposite.
>> So everything we don't
perceive is reality.
>> It's reality.
A reality that doesn't
fall under our senses.
They perceive a percentage of
the universe that is so small
that it almost amounts to zero.
It's the dark matter
that we do not
perceive which is almost 100%.
>> When I see an object,
I see something solid.
Then I see something between
me and the subject which
is invisible, so not solid.
Then when it gets to me,
I see something solid.
But to me, what's in between
us and that object is always
the same essence.
It constitutes itself.
Now denser, now less dense,
now dense, less dense.
So this makes everything
seem separate and divided.
>> All atoms, all cells, all
living beings are subtly tied
by information.
Each element is not connected.
So if we change
any single element,
would cause the whole
system to change.
This is entanglement.
>> In 1933, Einstein
was the first to define,
in a stroke of genius,
that in quantum physics,
it would be possible
to establish relations
of connection--
entanglements in the
physicist jargon--
between objects very
distant from each other.
>> If I take a photon and
split it into two photons,
I can see that an item of
information given to one
instantly transfers itself
to the other, and vice versa.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Although apart, the
two electrons remain
in communication in spite of the
enormous distance between them.
An experiment was done when
one electron was carried
to Rome, the other to Geneva.
When the electron in
Geneva [? spin ?] switched,
the one in Rome did the same.
[? At ?] 732 kilometers apart,
the two electrons instantly
[? spin ?] switched.
>> This means information
was instantaneous,
and there was no need to
run a distance to transfer
information from
one to the other.
Space no longer existed.
Time no longer existed.
[INSPIRATIONAL MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> If we understand that
electrons are immersed in this
sea which physics is
not yet understood,
we also understand that
distance is only a subjective
impression.
Two electrons, then,
a million light years
away from each other will
still be in communication.
This is entanglement,
and [INAUDIBLE]..
But we understand that,
behind entanglement, there
is a very simple explanation.
We understand life, death,
spirituality, materiality.
In one word, we understand.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> If this is the
way things are,
it means there is no connection
between me and space,
and a particle, or
another particle.
That everything is
a single fabric.
Everything is the same thing.
So I am also a cosmos
individualized, just
like an ice crystal
in the water.
What is that ice crystal?
It's nothing other than an
ocean, individualized water.
It [? musn't ?]
feel independent,
because if you
ask me who I am, I
have no other answer
than I am everything.
[ELECTRICAL ZAPPING]
>> There's a mesh,
a very sensitive web
of interconnection between
everything that exists.
The most important expression
that I've learned from
indigenous peoples
is In Lak'ech.
I am another yourself.
>> The expression In Lak'ech
in its literal sense means,
you are my other me.
You're my equal.
I am you, and you are me.
In its theological
sense, it means peace.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> That certainty in which our
culture has fallen that makes
us think that we are
unique, the best.
With this teaching,
it means that I am you
in your mistakes, in your
shadows, in your luminosity.
I am a reflection of you.
And maybe the
things I like least
about you are the things
I like least about me.
And that refers not only
to In Lak'ech as a greeting
to another human being, but
to everything that exists.
I am one with you,
tree, with you, sky,
with you, mountain,
with you, raindrop,
with everything that exists.
So this expression In Lak'ech
leads us to the principle that
many cultures from the
past already embraced--
that there's nothing that
exists separate from the whole.
[INSPIRATIONAL MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Quantum physics principles
tell us that anybody
in the universe
spontaneously fluctuates.
That is, it's impossible to
separate matter from movement.
Matter is fundamentally
not inert.
It moves about, shakes.
It's got Parkinson's.
>> Where we thought
there was an empty void,
there is actually a vibrating
field made of a vibrating
energy that fills
anything that exists.
That fluctuates.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> While classical physics
deals with objects,
quantum physics
deals with relations.
So with quantum
physics, no object
can be considered separate,
and what can be studied
is the complex of relations that
bind objects together and are
transmitted through a complex
of fluctuations, of frequencies.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
In ancient times, they knew
that the whole was already
itself a vibration.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The Greek text of the Bible
contained the phrase [GREEK],,
which had two meanings--
in the beginning, and at the
foundation of everything.
The copyist opted
for, in the beginning.
So the full phrase
took on the meaning,
in the beginning, the verb.
But verb by assonance
means vibration.
And if we choose the second
meaning instead of the first,
the interpretation
is quite different.
That is, at the foundation
of everything is vibration.
So this was known
in ancient times,
that the whole was
in itself vibration.
[SOMBER MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The word "vibration" comes
from [NON-ENGLISH] which means
word, but also sound vibration.
So we must understand
that everything vibrates.
That vibration is information.
It is image and it
is creation as well.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> We can say that water
is the matter at the origin
of creation.
Without water, there would have
been no space nor universe.
We may assume that
would have been
neither animals nor plants.
>> The experiments Masaru has
been carrying out in Tokyo
for many years are the ancient
experiments in radionics,
a science dating back to the
early Egyptians, maybe earlier.
It's a way to send information--
to water in this case--
using the frequencies
spontaneously
emitted by bodies.
But not only the bodies.
Also by their images, or sounds.
Masaru Emoto uses music
a lot because all of this
is vibration--
a pure language.
[LIGHT MUSIC]
>> Every vibration
has its own frequency.
No frequency is the
same as another.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> When we look at things in
nature, when we look at shapes,
we can see each shape is
different from another.
And it's frequency that
gives things their shape.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Each object spontaneously
sends forth waves simply
because of its shape.
So do the rhythms of music.
When Masaru subjects a glass
vial with plain water in it
between two loudspeakers for one
hour to Beethoven's x symphony,
or heavy metal, or
Bach, or whatever,
he sees different
crystallizations
depending on the kind of music.
This is because a
message has been sent,
and water is a natural
recorder of frequency.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Water's task is to control
the chemical reactions that
occur inside it.
With its frequency, water works
as the orchestra conductor.
It chooses which
molecules should meet.
If I change the rhythm of
frequency succession in water,
such as I can do giving a
range from the outside, then
the biochemistry that occurs
inside changes as well.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> I started observing
water by various methods.
I used a device called
the MRA which measures
vibrations for almost one year.
After this experience, I thought
that with different kinds
of vibration sent
to water, a reaction
in the shape of its crystal
could possibly be seen.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Why do we feel happy or
sad when we listen to music?
Why do emotional changes occur?
The reason is that water
inside our body reacts.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Biologists are concerned with
complex molecules, such as DNA,
proteins, hormones,
vitamins, et cetera.
However, all these molecules
worthy of being studied
taken together make up only 1%
of the total of the molecules
of a living organism.
99% are water molecules.
So one could say,
why not study--
why not study water?
Not only is it not studied,
however, it's frowned upon.
To say that something
is good for nothing,
for a homeopathic
medicine, for example,
it said it's just plain water.
But we're 99% plain
water molecules,
so it's an insult to say
something is just plain water.
What is, then, the role
of water in our organism?
Why is DNA important and
water isn't important?
Some lose their temper when
water memory is mentioned,
yet DNA memory is no
offense to anyone.
DNA preserves all the
properties of an organism.
But why is DNA good as
a recorder and water
isn't good as a recorder?
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> In the '90s, there
was a complaint for fraud
and deception against a
colleague in Rome for giving
his patients bottles of
water, H2O chemically,
charged with the frequencies
of whatever it is.
The Rome court decision
of June 15, 1999
stated that the examination
of the defendants
show that the vials
of treated water
have a modified molecular
structure to the extent
that atoms appear
aligned, as can also
be seen from the charts,
and so on and so forth.
So we have a court
decision that stated
that it is possible for water
to have retained a memory,
and the colleague was acquitted.
This decision
reassures everybody,
because a court decision
sets a precedent.
>> Today, we know
water has a memory.
It is accepted by
Western science as well.
Our body is 70% water.
This planet is called
Earth, but 70% is water.
So we must think well,
hear well, and speak well.
Then liquids begin to
vibrate in a harmonic way.
Health is a present we can
give ourselves in any moment.
[LIGHT MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We ourselves are made
of 70% to 80% water.
And this happens to be the
same as with the Earth.
The so-called terraqueous
globe is made of water
up to 70% to 80%.
We call her Mother Earth because
we obviously come from her.
If that's where we come from, we
must have the same properties.
And where does the
Earth come from?
Doesn't it come from
what we call the cosmos?
And isn't that cosmos that
mysterious dark energy which
we think we've been looking
for it at all levels
and which we do not find?
That dark energy is thought.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> In the universe, there is
nothing that could be stronger
than thought.
It is thought that
generates matter.
Matter is but the effect
of a cosmic thought,
of a cosmic project that has
enabled it to reveal itself.
[SOARING MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The ancients used to speak of
this power of thought affecting
reality in religious terms.
If we read the
book of Genesis, we
realize that the story of
the creation of the universe
is a creation handbook--
recipes to use.
Not to demonstrate
that thought acts.
This was obvious.
But to take advantage of it.
In the Western world, we
began to lose this wisdom
rather early.
It came up again now and then.
Augustine, for example,
had solved the matter
by speaking of the
miracle, the prodigy.
This isn't strange.
There is the known nature
and the unknown nature.
The unknown nature is the one
that we'll find out later.
So what looks prodigious
looks so because
of its unknown nature.
It's not unknown
because it's unknown.
It's unknown because our mind
has gotten so tangled up,
it doesn't understand
it anymore.
Today, that science should start
to study these things again
is a great return.
A beautiful return.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> If science has now
ascertained that all that
exists is intelligence, a
physically thinking essence,
this separation between
matter or thought,
or matter and spirit,
can't exist anymore.
Nobel laureates have come to
this identification as well.
So to state that everything
is thought, at this point,
is to state the obvious.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Thought can affect and
does influence each moment
of our reality.
This first thought can be found
in a great many pre-Socratic
philosophers.
For instance, Parmenides,
one of the most ancient,
who says, that which we
think actually exists.
We've all experienced
positive or negative thinking.
If I have a so-called
positive thought,
I attract positive things.
>> Quantum physics, which is
100 years old now but has not
altered our way of thinking,
tells us that the observer is
part of the field and affects
it with his expectations,
with what he thinks is possible.
So our expectations and
what we think possible
are fundamental for
co-creation of what is real.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We create a spell in which
we define something real,
and that something becomes real.
If we are afraid of something,
our focusing on that something
risks making it something
real apart from the fact
that we are afraid of it.
So our mind is the
most powerful creator.
The thing is, we are
not aware of it anyone.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Our thoughts and
emotions move energy.
They are not abstract.
Thought and emotion are the
invisible world, yet bearing
real effects, such as words,
movement, food, and actions.
Everything we do arises
from the invisible first.
It does not arise from the
subconscious invisible,
but from the
conscious invisible.
So one must become aware of
one's great personal power,
because thanks to
that power, life
becomes a great
positive cosmic game.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> I believe that thought
that is pure and deep,
as a pure and deep energy.
So the purer the vibrations
issued by a thought,
the energy is more powerful.
This kind of thought could even
improve the Earth's conditions.
There's a lake near
Kyoto called the Biwa-ko,
the largest lake in Japan.
In the last few years,
its water deteriorated,
and it began to stink due
to weeds that were rotting
owing to pollution.
On July 25, 1999, at
4:30 in the morning,
340 people got together, and we
held that a water thanksgiving.
A great change took place
after this thanksgiving.
The weeds stopped rotting
and the stench disappeared.
In the year of the
thanksgiving, there
were no complaints for
the stench of the lake.
Usually, there are
at least 300 a year.
The prayer of 340
people had the effect
to create a resonance with
the universe vibration.
If you run a very strong
wave in the water,
both dioxin and
the PVC decrease.
Scientists have proved it.
[TRANQUIL MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Thought is a set of
conveniently interconnected
electromagnetic waves.
They carry it to water, and most
probably, water will-- in part,
at least--
reproduce the same process.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Why are we surprised
at the fact that water,
which is the prevailing
matter in our organism,
is so sensitive to the
stimulations of thought?
Water reacts.
Masaru Emoto has verified
that in the moment water
crystallizes and it
takes a certain form.
If we are in harmony
with the universe,
according to a unique law that
the Orientals call Dharma,
then we can see the effects of
that harmony in the crystal.
We see it in a form, an
appearance, which is marvelous.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> I am connected to all that
surrounds me, good and bad.
My thought-- which today we
call positive thinking, that is,
the expression of love for
all that is around me--
lets this love expand.
Likewise, my negative
thought would destroy
everything I'm connected with.
>> When you are in tune with
all the things of creation,
which we call
nature, you are that.
You no longer feel apart.
You are in communication.
When you love, when you
love unconditionally,
you love the animal,
the plant, the crystal,
and you can see
yourself in all of this,
there is real correspondence.
You can say, this thing blooms.
And also, the opposite is true.
When you hate it, you
despise it, then you kill it.
Then death exists.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> When we pass from two to one,
we'll pass from the chemistry
of hatred to the
chemistry of love.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> If you really love,
you live and let live.
This thought preserves
you from illness,
because illness comes
from your thinking module.
Preserves you from fear,
loneliness, from stress.
So he who loves, lives.
>> A relatively few number
of people can become coherent
in their heart, and
many people benefit.
And this is one of the
beautiful places where
the new science gives us a
message of hope and possibility
for our future.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> A common fault of the
people who live on the Earth.
If it goes in the
same direction,
produces a wonderful
situation, or the opposite.
This instrument is made to
vibrate 440 times per second.
If I strike it--
[TONE]
I have brought another
identical tuning fork.
I'm going to strike
just one of them.
[TONE]
This phenomenon is
called resonance.
Energy goes freely from
the first to the second.
Now let's try a tuning fork that
has a frequency of 442 hertz.
If we strike it, it gives
out a very similar sound.
The difference is
only two hertz.
[TONE]
The sound is almost the same.
We expect a resonance to happen.
[TONE]
But it doesn't.
When vibration is
exactly the same energy
transmit itself freely.
This is resonance.
So all the human
beings in the world
feel together in heart,
energy, would not be scattered.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> It happens sometimes
in human history,
when big social movements occur,
when many people resound to one
another, no matter the subject.
Effectively, miracles do happen.
The demands of fight for
existence are ignored.
People are ready to die,
to give their lives.
If this happened one
day-- and I hope it will--
we'll have a phase transition
like steam condensing to water.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> The evolutionary history
of our species has to do with
discoveries made by an
individual, who then shares it,
and then two people who share
it with four, six, eight,
and so on, until a critical
mass is achieved and the entire
species makes an
evolutionary leap.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> It's one molecule that causes
an iceberg to crumble down.
Likewise, in our society,
it's necessary to arrive
at a critical mass.
That here's a group of
people that create the basis,
because this process,
if it starts,
has a very high acceleration.
This historical
period is positive.
We can also call it
apocalypse in the Greek sense
of revelation.
Everything is disclosed.
Secrets are revealed.
Let's try to unmask the
conditioning disguised
as values, therefore.
False values.
Many certainties, values,
points of reference,
paradigms that looked unshakable
are already crumbling down
very quickly.
So I believe we'll
soon enough get
to be able to reinstate a
moral, philosophical, mental,
spiritual, and social order.
Money, you see, can't buy
safety and can't buy life.
You can no longer barter
it for the real sense
of life, which is respect--
the mutual relation
with all other things.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Our future as a species
depends on us making a shift
in our consciousness,
ceasing to be materialistic,
purely dedicated to profit,
and to our own benefit
and advantage, and to think
again in terms of service,
help, cooperation, harmony,
and respect for our infinite
relationships.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> If the individual
ego becomes us at last,
then automatically arise
brotherhood, cooperation,
solidarity, peace, and
everything connected with this
vision.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> In the course of history,
many subjects have been
tabooed.
As the Mayan calendar,
research on water,
on vibration, and homeopathy.
But the time has come when
they can be disclosed.
You start hearing
the final song.
The curtain starts dropping.
[CHANTING]
>> We're moving finally out
of the world of separation
into the world of illumination.
We're finally moving into
what's called the seventh fire.
And the seventh fire
would be that there
would be people around the
world who would want to visit
the ancient knowledge again.
Visit the elders.
And in the seventh
fire, the prophecy
says that we can begin
to come into relationship
with each other in
some kind of way,
recognizing that we can coexist.
We can have a lot more
respect and understanding
for each other, and somehow
respect each other's choice
and have some tolerance
for each other.
>> The transformation is
already starting to happen.
We are at the dawn of a new
awakening in our consciousness.
We're going to a quadrant
of space in the cosmos
where we are getting
an unusual energy.
That energy will undoubtedly
interconnect our minds.
Then mankind will be more human.
What does being more human mean?
It means taking
responsibility for one's life.
And then the concept of
Lak'ech will be more relevant.
In Lak'ech.
[PIANO MUSIC]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> This transformation will
allow the infinite conscience
to rise out of the
depth of the being.
And it will give us back
our innate perfection.
We will remember
who we really are--
not producers,
consumers, and voters,
but a unique and unrepeatable
miracle of conscience
every single moment.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The thought of love
solves the problem
of the superposition
of two opposites.
So you no longer judge,
no longer condemn.
There is no need either to
condemn or to absolve, neither
to forgive or not
forgive, to accuse.
There is no need of all this
because you are all this.
So this potential
gives you strength.
The greatest strength
we can conceive
in the world that can change
the world in a second.
It takes a flash for us to
grasp this, and all we wish,
all we are after,
then becomes reality.
[DYNAMIC MUSIC]
>> Life is the most important
and beautiful experience that
we as souls can have.
To live it well, we must learn
to think with our own head,
not to follow any of the
commonplace things the world
wants to dish out for us.
Because Saint Paul was right
when he said that, in the end,
only three things will
remain when everything falls,
and the greatest
of these is love--
the only real thing in
a world of illusions.
>> If we understand
what love is,
then we'll understand ourselves.
[DYNAMIC MUSIC]